I was sitting at my piano, the other day
But my mind was ill at ease
They were coming to take it away that afternoon
I was all by myself in a mellow mood
Improvising symphonies
My right hand was playing Mozart's minuet
And at the same time my left hand was playing; have a banana; from Carmen
And at the same time my mouth was whistling a sextet from Luicini
And at the same time What do you think my foot was doing?
While keeping time it was cracking walnuts; see I had to eat too
Then in the midst of all soliloquy
I found it, I found it
The Lost Chord, The Lost Chord!
So let's celebrate I'm feeling great
I'm the guy that found the Lost chord
I'll have my name in the hall of fame; cos I went and found that lost chord

Everyone knows Tchaikovsky wasn't recognised for 300 years
Brahms wasn't recognised for 400 years
Beethoven wasn't recognised for 500 years
But I can't wait that long I've only got two changes of clothes!

People said I was mad. but that didn't trouble me
They said Mozart was mad
They said Puccini was mad
They said Louis was mad
Who's Louis? My uncle, he was mad!

So let's celebrate I'm feeling great
I'm the guy that found the Lost chord

You know it wasn't easy finding that Lost chord
Working in my attic I didn't sleep for days and days
I'd be in terrible shape if I hadn't slept nights!
First I put an A flat with a B minor
Then I put a B minor with and F major
Then I put and F minor with a B major
Then I tried an A and a B and a B and a C
And a C and a D and a D and E and an E and a F
And a F and a G; What a piano no apostrophe's !

And this is what I came up with (plays wrong chord)

What's happened that isn't the chord (plays wrong chord)
Neither is that (plays wrong chord)
Neither is that (plays wrong chord)
And neither is that! I lost the chord a catatstrophe
I'm gonna sit down on the keyboard of this piano until the chord is return

(sits down bum plays the right chord)

That's it the lost chord! I found it, I found by sitting on the piano keyboard
Strange I usually play by ear!

So let's celebrate I'm feeling great
I'm the guy that found the Lost chord